h1. Octavo v1.0

h2. Introduction

Octavo is a set of Notebook/Diary script writtens for personal,
single-user use. It is intended to be used locally on one's
own computer and does not supposrt logins and sessions (yet).

h2. Features
* Neat, KISSy interface, no bulky images.
* tag cloud.
* date search. (e.g "/date/today" works perfectly)
* one single db table.

h2. Installation
# Execute install.sql (using phpPgAdmin or such tool)
# edit conf.php
# URL rewrites (currently required)
This is *required* (FIXME?):
lighttpd.conf:
@@
url.rewrite-once = (
  "^/note/(.*)\.(.*)" => "$0",
  "^/note/(img|css|js)/" => "$0",
  "^/note/(.+?)/(.*)$" => "/note/index.php?redir=$1&path=$2",
  "^/note/(.+)$" => "/note/index.php?redir=$1&path=",
  "^/note/$" => "/note/index.php"
)
@@
[here, "note" (webserverpath) is the directory in which
	Notebook's code resides]

.htaccess
Too lazy to try and write a thing that works in a
similar way. Nice people, help. :)

h2. Hacking
Hacking Octavo is easy, really, though not much of it is
documented. lib contains libraries of functions with self-
explanaory names tpl contains templates used to output things,
and inc contains URI handlers, (e.g /archive/first-post is
handled by /inc/archive.php)

h2. License
Copyright (c) 2009 Shashi Gowda 

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

h2. Credits
* The name Octavo suggested by "Arnia":http://swhack.com/logs/2009-08-09#T14-10-02 <jgeldart[at]gmail.com>
	(He also made a sleek logo that made me want to write a
	new skin! That, coming soon in v1.1)
* lib/textile.php by Dean Allen <dean[at]textism.com>
* Everything else by "Shashi Gowda":mailto:connect2shashi@gmail.com
